Add ability to default to dark mode when users prefer it (#8874)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Admin.md

Author: I moved and rewrote a lot of things in there. Best to read the new version rather than read the diff.

|------------------------|----------|----------------|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| `dataProvider`         | Required | `DataProvider` | -              | The data provider for fetching resources                 |
| `children`             | Required | `ReactNode`    | -              | The routes to render                                     |
| `authCallbackPage`     | Optional | `Component`    | `AuthCallback` | The content of the authentication callback page          |
| `authProvider`         | Optional | `AuthProvider` | -              | The authentication provider for security and permissions |
| `basename`             | Optional | `string`       | -              | The base path for all URLs                               |
| `catchAll`             | Optional | `Component`    | `NotFound`     | The fallback component for unknown routes                |
| `dashboard`            | Optional | `Component`    | -              | The content of the dashboard page                        |
| `darkTheme`            | Optional | `object`       | -              | The dark theme configuration                             |

> | `defaultTo LightTheme` | Optional | `boolean`      | `false`        | Flag to default to the light theme                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `defaultToLightTheme` | Optional | `boolean`      | `false`        | Flag to default to the light theme                       |
```

Author: This was made on purpose to add a line break and make the table look okayish despite the large content
